C++
Description:
C++ is an intermediate-level language with object-oriented programming features (similar to C#).
Originally designed to enhance the C language (++ means an increment of 1), it powers major 
software like Firefox, Winamp and Adobe programs. It's used to develop systems software, 
application software, high-performance server and client applications and video games
Comparison:
C# while defined as a completely different language, inherits the C++ syntax and code structure.
In contrast, it is used specifically with the purpose to be used with the .NET Platform
This empowers the language to be used for variety of web applications

Java
Description:
Java is an object-oriented language similar to C++, but simplified to eliminate language features
 that cause common programming errors. Java source code files (files with a .java extension)
 are compiled into a format called bytecode (files with a .class extension), which can then be 
executed by a Java interpreter.  Java is a general purpose programming language with a 
number of features that make the language well suited for use on the World Wide Web
Comparison:
Both are type-safe and pure object-oriented languages that inherit a lot of their concept from C++
and are powerful tools for programming a large array of applications and web-based applications.
Some of the key differences feature virtual-by-default methods in Java, the .NET support for C#,
the handling of primitive numeric types and checked exceptions in both languages and others.

JavaScript
Desription:
JavaScript is a client and server-side scripting language developed by Netscape that derives much
 of its syntax from C. It can be used across multiple web browsers and is considered essential for
 developing interactive or animated web functions. It is also used in game development and writing 
desktop applications. JavaScript interpreters are embedded in Google's Chrome extensions, Apple's 
Safari extensions, Adobe Acrobat and Reader, and Adobe's Creative Suite.
Comparison:
JavaScript is primarity used in web-based technologies such as browsers while C# developing 
software components suitable for deployment in distributed environments. Other differences lie in 
their specifics: JS is prototype-based while C# is class-based and of strong typing.

Python
Desription:
 Python is a high-level, server-side scripting language for websites and mobile apps. It's considered a
 fairly easy language for beginners due to its readability and compact syntax, meaning developers 
can use fewer lines of code to express a concept than they would in other languages. It powers the 
web apps for Instagram, Pinterest and Rdio through its associated web framework, Django, and is 
used by Google, Yahoo! and NASA
Comparison:
Both languages have object-oriented, procedural and functional elements. C# tends to wield better 
results when coding windows-based applications, while Python places its focus on mobile and web apps. 
Python is also a runtime instead of a static-typed language.

F#
Desription:
F# is a strongly typed, multi-paradigm programming language encompassing functional, imperative
 and object-oriented programming techniques. F# is most often used as a cross-platform CLI language
but can also be used to generate JavaScript[3] and GPU[4] code
Comparison:
The greatest difference between F# and C# and the defining trait of the former is that it features a functional,
asynchronized programming which often offers a more flexible and "cleaner" syntax.
